Add a section Writing Ansible code for System Roles to contribute.md (#133)
linux-system-roles/linux-system-roles.github.io: contribute.md

* [Vars vs Defaults](https://github.com/redhat-cop/automation-good-practices/blob/main/roles/README.adoc#vars-vs-defaults)
* [Documentation conventions](https://github.com/redhat-cop/automation-good-practices/blob/main/roles/README.adoc#documentation-conventions)

## Writing Ansible code for System Roles

When writing Ansible code for System Roles, you must consider specific practices that we use for different purposes.
Some of the practices are included in the [template role](https://github.com/linux-system-roles/template) repository, so that you don't need to do anything.
But others should be included in the code, these are things that developers should know in advance.

> Most of this code is managed centrally from the [linux-system-roles/.github](https://github.com/linux-system-roles/.github) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of this code is managed centrally from the [linux-system-roles/.github](https://github.com/linux-system-roles/.github) repository.  Before editing a role file, check its header to see if it is managed.  If it is, and you need to change it, consider submitting a PR to the `.github` repository.
```

Tasks should install packages with the `package` module.
This is required for roles to work on all operating systems because the package module has the logic to identify system's package manager.

The package module must use the `use` option to force use the `ansible.posix.rhel_rpm_ostree` module on the ostree systems.

It's a good practice to use a variable for the list of packages to be installed in different scenarious.
But this can be omited, use common sense.

Example test file check_header.yml:

```yaml
- name: Install audit packages
  ansible.builtin.package:
    name: "{{ __auditd_packages }}"
    state: present
    use: "{{ (__auditd_is_ostree | d(false)) |
             ternary('ansible.posix.rhel_rpm_ostree', omit) }}"
```

The task to be included in a test playbook:

```yaml
- name: Check header for ansible_managed, fingerprint
  ansible.builtin.include_tasks: tasks/check_header.yml
  vars:
    __file: /etc/audit/auditd.conf
    __fingerprint: system_role:auditd
```

### Running Role in Test Playbooks

Each role has a centrally managed task file `tests/tasks/run_role_with_clear_facts.yml` that runs roles with clearing Ansible facts prior to invocation.

> You must run roles by including this task file instead of the `include_role` and `import_role` modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must run roles by including this task file instead of the `include_role` and `import_role` modules, or instead of using the `roles` keyword.
```

    path: "{{ __file }}"
  register: __content
  when: not __file_content is defined

- name: Check for presence of ansible managed header, fingerprint
  assert:
    that:
      - __ansible_managed in content
      - __fingerprint in content
  vars:
    content: "{{ (__file_content | d(__content)).content | b64decode }}"
    __ansible_managed: "{{ lookup('template', 'get_ansible_managed.j2') }}"
```

### Checking Managed Node Distribution

Each role includes a file `tests/vars/rh_distros_vars.yml` that you can include in tests to set variables related to managed nodes distribution.

### Covering new functionality by tests and documentation

If your PR introduces new functionality to be used by users, you must describe it in README.md.

If your PR introduces new untested functionality, you should add tests for it.
This can be ommited if the funcionality cannot be tested in our infrastructure.

### Placing roles variable correctly

Variables in `defaults/main.yml` are the variables that the role expects users to change.
They should be prefixed with `<role_name_>`.

Variables in the `vars` directory are internal to the role.
They should be prefixed with `__` to be marked as internal.

> You should place variables that are common to all OSes to `vars/main.yml`, and variables that are have different values in different OSes to the OS file, e.g. `vars/RedHat_9.yml`. 

Reviewer: If you need to write a test that requires role internal variables, invoke the role using `run_role_with_clear_facts.yml`, and add the var `__sr_public: true` which will expose role private variables:

```yaml
  - name: Run role to test something
    include_tasks: tasks/run_role_with_clear_facts.yml
    vars:
      __sr_public: true

  - name: Check the config file was created
    stat:
      path: "{{ __rolename_private_variable_config_file }}"
    register: __stat_config_file
```

### Using third-party content

> We avoud using third-party Ansible content to keep the System Roles self-contained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We avoid using third-party Ansible content to keep the System Roles self-contained.
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>encryption</td>
    <td>Used with "key" and "password"</td>
    <td>For example, "encryption_key_src" and "encryption_password" are used in storage to denote the LUKS unlock key file/passphrase.  Similar usage in nbde_client for clevis.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>root</td>
    <td>Used with "ca_cert" to denote that this is one or more root CA certs</td>
    <td>Only use this if you need to distinguish between root CA certs and intermediate CA certs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>intermediate</td>
    <td>Used with "ca_cert" to denote that this is one or more intermediate CA certs</td>
    <td>Only use this if you need to distinguish between root CA certs and intermediate CA certs</td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Working with sensitive data

If a task uses sensitive data, it should have the option `no_log: "{{ <rolename>_no_log }}"` on the task level.
The role should define the `<rolename>_no_log: true` variable in `defaults/main.yml` and document the use of this variable in `README.md`.

> We give cusers the availability to rewrite this variable to false for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We give users the ability to rewrite this variable to false for debugging purposes.
```

Author: I lacked spellcheck in my Cursor, forgot that I cannot live without it

Reviewer: to be fair, English orthography is terrible
